Entipment.
And.
I think we just met the
Mr. Steven's words by a refuse to get.
Mr.
I think quite well.
The Senate can understand.
At the point of order.
The just for clarification, the percentages I gave included
everything that was sent by Secretary Steven,
and everybody else is tested by the air.
Oh, right.
I only brought this up, Mr. Cameron.
Because I wanted the Senate to consider that I thought
his charge that the senators had delayed the hearing
brutal little unfair.
All right, all right.
Mr. Secretary.
I'm not doing that to you on that point.
If I can, it's just like a 30.
So, just let it go.
Mr. Secretary.
Mr. Secretary Earl Broder testified.
And this was this was long before you were
selected early on.
So that you obviously could not be responsible for the
conditions with existence of that plan.
Let's make that very clear.
But I'm asking you these questions because you and I know
if the communists get to meet this, do you agree with me?
But if the members of the communist and the terrorists
get any way to keep a position in the military,
that would be one of their ideal births
as far as the communists are concerned.
Hi, I'm Grace.
I feel that when we find a certain number there in one
year, unless there is proof that they have been removed,
we can assume that they didn't resign two or three or four
years later.
But except to get a one point.
I'm not clear about that question, that, Senator.
I don't believe there are any of those kind of folks there.
All right, well, let's move into this question.
You're the secretary of the Army.
You have indicated a number of times
that you're interested in removing time.
Correct.
And you know I've had a sizable number of discussions about
that most women are in a completely pleasant vein,
is that right?
I wouldn't say sizable number, no.
Down.
And we have time anyway.
That's it.
Now, do you agree with me that if you find communists
in the military as of a certain date,
that if they fare a function that they are still there,
unless it can be shown that they have been removed,
is that a fare function of secretary?
That they're still there?
No, it's not a fare assumption.
I don't believe they are there.
In other words, you think it's an a fare assumption
to say they resign or less, even with no proof
that they have been portably removed?
Well, any number of things that have happened,
not the least of which is, they've
sort of been transferred to some other department,
department or non-centred authority.
Well, we do have the committee statements.
Some of them were referred to CIA.
You wouldn't consider that non-centred, would you?
Delta.
I just said that very sensitive.
Right.
Now, Mr. Secretary, here is the testimony of Mr. Browder.
And I take this from a report.
David, let's see, just a minute.
Does that mean I'm a communist founder?
That's awfully funny, isn't it?
It's like a theory.
What's terribly funny?
Here's the guest to be pleased in order.
I am asking you, Mr. Secretary,
not about any communist activities in your part.
I know of them.
I just very much.
They'll accept to the members.
I just like very much.
But we are talking about, we're talking about your attempt
to call off the hearings, which
was exposing communist in your plan,
fine-toons and given a kill here, the fine-toons
protect and cover up those who are responsible for keeping
individual funds in those jobs.
There's no claim by anyone you know of that you were a communist,
a symbolizer.
I know, but when it was a very clear view at all times,
and I felt that you were anti-communist,
I've also been very clear to you.
So I thought that you were very naively and unintelligently
anti-communist.
You know that, Mr. Secretary.
Now let's get back to the question.
Mr. Browder testified.
Yes.
If the senator from which constant is about
to read the testimony of one or about it,
I must respectfully object to you,
the most competent, all-no-possible theory
in the determination of these issues.
Mr. Mayor, can you please just
that senator McGregor.
Please.
That the testimony of Earl Barrett
is just the competent testimony before senator
Hill commits.
Would the chairman like to hear the chairman
like to send a text?
Would the chairman like to hear from me on the point of order?
Point on the objection of Mr. Johnson's rise.
The chairman would make the chairman like to.
The chairman would make the chairman.
And I think I know what I'm doing.
I have been chairman of this committee.
While we dug out a sizable number of formulas.
I've been a lawyer, I've been a judge,
and I'm not asking you to trust in thy words.
And I would suggest that the chairman would just
take the time, which he would do if he were in a court
of law, to hear me before he rules.
We can save a lot of time.
Mr. Chairman, the reason I am asking,
rather like the reason I am reading,
some lines from brother's testimony,
is so that I may ask the secretary a question.
Neither would the gentleman of the chair,
known for the question is competent or not,
until I'm asked it.
You may ask it simply why to point out
that nobody around this table, including yourself,
and why I'm sure he has any credence
to the testimony of our own boss.
Mr. Chairman, I have a father to that.
Do not think it's proper to read any excerpt.
Any part of the testimony of one or a abouter.
As I understand it, that's about what the secretary
is about to do.
Now, if you can show it why you're doing it, Senator.
What your theory is.
And in what respect is competent,
I certainly reserve the rights to reverse my advice
to the camera.
Just the very evil counsel.
I don't say that particularly I think you
is one more day woman, which is just for the job.
If he was just waiting looking to my question,
then if he thinks it's not competent,
he can object in a certain rule on us.
I hope that I may now get down to ask the question.
Retreat.
Mr. Secretary, in 1945, those reports
by the Committee on Military Affairs
holding the testimony of Mr. Browder,
and page two, my quote, they are actually
at some 13,000 communists in the armed forces.
Of course, there are communist holding
commissions in the United States Army.
Now let me ask you that if your report
from your intelligence agency,
do not show that the 13,000 were removed,
can we safely assume that some of them
are still there as of today?
Mr. Chairman, Mr. Counsel, Senator McBrady
is making the point that because Earl Browder
testified in 1944 or five that there
were 13,000 communists in the Army,
including the officers.
That is a true statement of facts.
I say this Committee cannot accept it as true.
Neither does the secretary of the Army
have any rights to assume that it is true.
Neither is he bound by any conclusion
that it is true because Earl Browder
has not set it under oath or any other way.
And I do not think it is this proper line
of close examination of the suspect
A and I renew my objection.
Cheryl, at the same point of order
on the ground as the testimony of Earl Browder,
is not considered as factual by the members of this committee.
And I'm sure that that goes also
for the secretary of the Senate of Wisconsin.
Mr. Secretary.
Are you aware of a, in the end, this is before you were
in office, my asses, this is a failure
with another person.
Are you aware of the facts on February 22, 1945?
The award department's made public the information
that it had inaugurated a new policy
by removing the ban on communists.
Are you aware of that order?
No, I do not recall it.
But I may possibly see this down there.
It's not a lot of papers over there.
That's one in 1945, is that?
Yeah. 1945.
February 22, 1945.
And what is the subject?
The award department's made public the information
that it had inaugurated a new policy
by removing the ban on communists.
Well, all I can to testify that communists
have no place in the Army now.
I know what it was in 1945.
You were not aware of that order?
I don't recall specifically about the order.
I think I may have heard some talk about it
that none of it is true.
But what I've been interested in since then
is in an office with the Guests' people out
of the world.
We wonder if you've seen it, to produce a letter with you
wrote to me.
When I wrote to you in regard to this particular order,
you wrote back and referred to it as an order
banning people because of political belief.
Could you have a lot of produce now?
Could we have a day seven here?
I don't know the minute.
But then you don't give us one, too.
Well, let me ask the secretary.
Mr. Secretary, you're at the call.
And somebody was threatening to tell us
you must have a some New York file.
Mr. Secretary.
What file is there?
I don't have it here.
We will get it, I assure you.
Look up, me, I do this.
New recall, I've written me in regard
to this specific order.
Let's look back at that.
Mr. Secretary, did I discuss with you a number of times
the fact that it appeared not to be your fault,
that there was so much infiltration
when you took over office.
And I pointed out this order of 1945.
And we agreed that that was the time
the door was opened up to come you know.
Allowed, they were allowed to keep positions.
And we agreed that it was an unwise order.
And you agreed with me that that would present a problem
for the next 10, 15, 20 years.
Because no matter how diligent you were,
you could not get some of the specific cover if one.
Don't you recall that conversation?
I certainly don't.
Well, you were told the letter you wrote to me
with your secretary.
I remember all having written you a letter, yes.
And the interaction, the interaction with the terrorist case.
Oh, not good luck.
And in my opinion, you referred to this using language
and I stated publicly that last time,
which I thought was not yours.
You're referring to this opening of the door
as the communist.
You referred to it as a removal of the ban against people
because of political belief.
You recall that I, some day, recollects another 100.
Now, Mr. Secretary, let me add to this question.
I think in turn, it's your self-infinance.
Very concise.
You don't think that the communist conspiracy
is nothing but a political belief.
And that language in the letter was not yours, was it?
Well, most of the language in the letter was mine.
I know that.
I don't know what the specific thing you were talking about.
Was it wasn't?
Well, I may have said it didn't sound like it.
I worked with Mr. Adams on getting up the letter to you.
The date of the letter was February 16th,
and so we get to the end of the film.
But I'd also like to, by my side,
while you're looking at that paper,
saying, a moment ago, you said something about indicating
of awful lot of infiltration into the army
at the time that I came into office, I do not accept that.
And I'd like to say right here, now, that this is a great
army, and it's not full of time in it,
and we don't travel.
And I think a very unfair question
is being created.
Again, in the minds of the American people,
who have respected this matter of what you call
communist infiltration in the army, and I object to it.
When this time is getting fired, Mr. Jenkins, any questions?
Before the rounds go again, let us return to our studios
across the country to permit our stations to identify
themselves.
This is the ABC television network.
An important message from Senator Smatters
about the Miami stories.
This picture ably shows what a few courageous citizens
on his palitations and tough alert police agencies can do
to rid their cities of gang-rans in joints.
See the Miami stories, starting Friday,
the Panama Theater Times Square.
Same as T.
Today's romance.
On the return to the mayor of the Ruggles,
starring Charles Ruggles today at Sixth Fund to the
10.07 W.A.B.C. TV News.
Not to make me any attack upon the army,
it's on those who are belongs to the communists and
spirits, who had instilled by the end of the army.
And it's not, I'm sure you'll agree with your name.
I'm just like a circular, the only one you're interested in
getting these people out.
No.
Doesn't it not mean any of those workers like an aunt?
Do you agree with me?
That is a purpose to the army, the service of the nation,
to expose and dig out out of the military communists.
You've used me in that?
We want all the help we can get from any source,
to get rid of any communists.
No question about that.
And you agree it's not an attack upon the army?
To expose and put them in the majors?
I say that with the publicity that came out
from your statements at the time of the Port Monmouth
hearings was utterly unfair to the army,
utterly unfair to the army.
I might agree with you that some of the publicity,
from day to day, it'd be unfair to various people,
but so what happens as of today,
I don't edit the New York Post, the Washington Post,
the Pine Magazine, the Life Magazine, any of those seats.
I have no control of what they say.
No control over it.
Over there, headlight.
Now, do we agree with the Secretary?
Let's fight that.
Now, getting back to your letter of February 1, 1964,
I beg your pardon, my letter of February 1,
you answered in February 16.
We're talking about the previous order of the military,
which we had discussed before,
to allow the commissioning of Kamina.
And you say, and I quote from your letter,
and your telegram is spoke of a warded department order
of 30 December, 1944,
prohibiting discrimination against the military personnel
because of political belief.
Now, do you consider communism,
the communist conspiracy of political belief?
My answer to this was the Secretary,
because I had been, I was disturbed by this,
because this is the jargon we hear,
not from good Americans like you,
but from the communist who appeared before our committee.
They all refer to communism as a political belief.
That's why I say this, can't be your language,
and I'd like to know who it is.
I'd like to just read on.
I've been investigated to files on that matter,
and I'm asking to say that the directive in question
was rescinded on 4 March 1946,
during the tenure of the late Robert III Patterson,
as Secretary of War.
That's correct.
We discussed that in detail, didn't we?
We discussed that the door was open for a while, didn't we?
50 seconds or just refresh your recollection.
And just final question, didn't you and I discuss in detail
the fact that you were difficult in 1953
was the result to a great extent of the softness
toward communism and this order,
the 1944 plus another order of the Secretary,
the order providing for the destruction of the files,
the files and all of those who were accused of communist activity.
We discussed that in detail, didn't we?
I don't recall that we discussed in detail.
I think there was some mention of it.
I know that you said,
if you've got this letter of February 16th
that you didn't think I'd written a letter.
Now, did you ever check to determine whether or not
these people who are responsible for the not-see people,
who are responsible for the order to destroy the files
and the tenures,
whether or not they are still in the Pentagon?
I say we have constant studies going on on this day.
And I just don't believe that any of those kind of people
there, but all right, we're just interested in you
as you are and get rid of it.
You think I'll wait until you go back ten years?
That's getting back quite a way before the hearing first.
For me to have to try to testify on what went on then.
You think the last time you knew was major for us?
If we left, no more than we knew.
I didn't say that, but I'll say the dog's on cue.
Well now, will your agree with me the one time you knew
in a heat spot could result in the death of this nation?
You mean a heat spot like major for us?
No.
Now, you want to be calling in cover, it's all right
and I ask you a simple question.
You agree that one in the heat spot,
you know, read our laboratory,
the internal communications,
that one in the heat spot having access to the top secret
to this nation could result in the death of this nation.
Can we both agree on that?
There could be such a spot where it would be very serious.
I certainly agree with that 100%.
Now, you don't mean to try to tell us now that you honestly think
that Perez was the last communist in the military?
I didn't say that.
In other words, we can both assume there is still some human
in the military, can't we?
I think we've got to the strong one and see if the length of this play out
is what exactly what we're doing.
And you regard it as your regular regulations during our investigation
to try and weed out any other communist in the military, didn't you?
We've revised and read, we've revised regulations several times
since our then office.
I started on that and my very first day in office,
February 4, 1953.
Mr. Secretary, did you ever discuss with me the personnel
research and procedure division of the Army?
Let's look at the complete title.
The personnel, research, and procedures division of the Army's plan
and the money just to refresh your recollections
and what I'm talking about.
I assume this is not security information.
They're task, research, Army mobilization.
Let me just pass this to you.
This might be claimed by some to be security information
about describing the function of this division.
Well, the Secretary is Mr. Chairman.
Mr. Chairman, while the Secretary is looking at this,
I wonder if the chair could ask for a copy of the statements
made by General Mark Spar, a few days ago, in regards to
coming to think of a price.
I'm inclined to think that that should be available to the committee.
I may tell you a tremendous respect for General Mark
and I've heard so many rumors about the statement I'd like to know.
That deal with the subject matter of the inquiry
may be sharing fire, I'm not familiar with the statement.
Yes, it deals with communism so price-money under fire.
I haven't seen the statement I've heard to at least a dozen rumors
here, a couple of people have passed by on how many get to Mark Park.
The statement has made a couple days ago in regards to some of the information.
Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
The Secretary, whether he has a statement on fire,
whether he's predicted it, I don't know whether he has it or not.
What about what about the Secretary?
The Sunday was entirely whether he had a statement made by General Mark Spar,
on the subject of communist infiltration and the VR.
Well, a few days ago, no, he's retired.
I wouldn't have any item for my statement.
You don't have a statement.
I probably get it.
I wonder if you would do that, Mr. Secretary.
I don't recognize Senator the title on this.
Mr. President, this is my statement.
I just don't recognize that title.
Is there anything in there that's security issues?
Is there anything that's not security issues?
In that flip?
Yes.
It describes the work of a...
of the first male research and procedures of vision of the Army.
So that means the security information to read the function of that particular division.
Well, I don't know, frankly, Senator, about that step I would like to,
far as we can, resolve all these matters in favor of getting the facts out on the table.
So, I just want to go ahead and read it about yourself.
Mr. President, you're so good to me, Will.
Senator, may I inquire the date of that for you?
But the date of that document from which you're now reading.
Well, this is merely my own description of the function of a certain division in the military.
Well, may I inquire just what you expect to establish to establish with your...
...genrements about their individuals in that all-important section as of this particular moment.
As the four clock on the 10th day of May, 1954,
those such communist connections and backgrounds of their dangers for the security of this nation, extremely dangerous.
And, Mr. Stevens' office has been negligent in examining these cases.
And that information has been brought to his attention to the best of my knowledge.
I think that all goes to the moat of the...
...initioing the smear against Mr. Cohn, Mr. Cairn, myself, under the call of hearings all.
Because this is something that would have been exposed sooner or later.
I'd like to ask the secretary a few questions on this.
I think the purpose will be very clear of the process.
Well, may I make an observation?
I'll point out in just a minute.
When I've inquired with you, I think, if I understand I've been listening patiently all afternoon on this to find out just what the theory was,
I'd say that certainly, Senator McCarthy has a right under his charges to attempt to prove that Secretary Stevens tried to stop investigation of communist in the army.
Now, if that is the purpose, it seems to me it's been ordered, but if it isn't, then, of course, we're going on and on.
And I suggested the other day, on Thursday, we started in one personnel case.
That was to be the last one, and we've been on. I don't know how many cents, and that's all we've been on.
If Chairman may ask, I think I'll have what the interjection has said.
As I get it, there is an effort now on the part of Senator McCarthy's strategy to face as there are common myths in the army. Is that right, Senator?
No, no, not in this particular hearing, Mr. Seconds, but I think it is important to show at this time the number of times we call attention,
the attention of those in charge to danger situations, the number of times they ignored us, and the fact that they knew that if we were not hands-pung in our investigation,
if the investigation were not stopped, that derelicts of duty would be brought to the attention of the public, and that is the motive for issuing the smear which will effectively stop our investigation.
Although it was a dose of the question of motive behind the issues of the smear on a tone time, but you mean you are attempting to show that you have called attention of this witness, the spectacular Steven?
The fact that there are common myths in the army, and that he's done nothing about it, are not doing it rapidly enough, is that the idea of Senator?
You are all almost frightened, last, almost frightened, that was taken, it brought to the attention all this witness are his subordinates who normally should report to him, and that the information even if not brought to his attention should have been known by him and his subordinates.
In other words, Mr. Chairman, the purpose is to show the derelicts, the fact that they knew that this would be brought to the attention of the public, if they were not successful in calling off the hearings.
If the question of motive may I say I've only got, if I can get answers, I've only got about two or three questions on this, and I intend to turn them out over to Mr. Cohn for some questions on other matters.
Well, you don't claim Senator now that the spectacular Steven's was responsible, and there was no objection may be your examination of it, while it wasn't perhaps it was derelicts or my duties.
You do not claim that he is responsible for a war directive eight or ten years ago, putting a ban on people getting in the army because of political affiliation.
Political affiliation? Yes. Political belief was not used that term. Well, that's the term that we use political belief. No, that is not the term used in the order.
Communists' connection with Mr. Steven's is utter reference to political belief. The order refers to communism.
Now they just the answer counsel's question. I have made it very clear to Mr. Steven. Not only here, but in our conversations with him, the number of times that I have never obviously couldn't blame him for an order that opened the gate to Communists and vital amendments eight or nine years ago.
I have discussed that with him over because that is a key to his problem today. And that is one of the reasons why he must be extremely vigilant getting him out.
But I'm not referring now to a war directive, Mr. Chairman. I'm referring to a matter entirely different.
I understand that your last question is directed to the secretary to determine whether in his opinion there would be any violation of security for you to read the description of the responsibility that you hold in your paper.
That's right. That's what I'm holding your hand. Now, if you look at that, Mr. Steven's action, anyone will answer that question.
Yes, I said go ahead and read it. It's not a little like that. Very well. You may repeat.
This is going to be a no document from any file except my own description of my information of the function of this particular department. The department's personnel research and procedures evasion of the Army. You've heard of that activation.
I do not recognize that. That's the fact that I try to about the vision. Would you ask your age to be such a division? I have already done so.
And they know no decisions. That's correct. Well, not worried if I get wrong in this. I don't know.
Well, let me ask you then. Would you give us the name of the department, which conducts research, makes plan for Army mobilization, setting quotas for men available, plans that you're used by the chiefs of staff and preparing total war plans?
What is the name of that division? If that is not security information.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir. I like security information. I like to make that comment.
The secretary told me really. The secretary says it is, but I will accept it as being so. I thought he said it was not.
I said to go ahead and read the papers, but now I'm the first of information that Senator McCarley wants. You'll give me that, I'll take it back to all of the office.
I don't know. What is he talking about? I don't know.
Don't you know now? No.
So, you couldn't answer the question what division does with no, sir?
Send his family's part.
Nice, Mr. Chairman. And he send his to my left?
Yes, sir. Send his to the...